In this lecture, we will update the pom.xml
the mayon configuration file to
use the right version of the Java
compiler and also the dependencies that
we need as a part of this project by
default if you see here the JRE system
library it selects j2se 1.5 that is how
the Eclipse m2e plugin has generated
this project it is using 1.5 to switch
this to whatever version you are using
i'm using 1.8 if you have 1 7 or 1 6 you
can switch it by going to the pom.xml
open the Pom.xml file you can
download mypom.xml the version I
have from the contents of this lecture
from udemy and once you unzip that file its
a zip file when you download it this
is how it will look when you unzip it
spring j unit files so here is the pom.xml
right click on it open it
with a notepad or whatever your text
favorite text editor is text edit for me
here is the maven file what I have in
addition is this build section and then
I have a lot of dependencies so starting
from the build section copy everything
till the end of dependencies.